h1. Quorum

bq. A flexible proposal/voting workflow system for teams of people.


h2. What is Quorum?

TBD.


h3. Goals

TBD.


h2. Installation

TBD.


h3. Development Version

Development takes place on "GitHub":github in the "quorum":github-project project.  Issue tracking, documentation, and downloads are provided there.

Installing the current development version requires "Git":git, a distributed source code management system and "virtualenv":virtualenv.  If you do not already have virtualenv, you can install it quite easily:

<pre><code>sudo easy_install virtualenv</code></pre>

Once you have the @virtualenv@ command, create a new virtual environment:

<pre><code>virtualenv --no-site-packages --distribute Quorum
cd Quorum</code></pre>

Now we can populate the virtual environment with the Quroum source repository and get the package ready to use:

<pre><code>. bin/activate
git init
git remote add origin https://github.com/oftn/quorum.git
git pull origin develop
(cd src; python setup.py develop)</code></pre>

You can upgrade to the latest version at any time:

<pre><code>(git pull; cd src; python setup.py develop)</code></pre>

You can now run the development application server:

<pre><code>paster serve --reload etc/development.ini</code></pre>

If you would like to make changes and contribute them back to the project, fork the GitHub project, make your changes, and submit a pull request.  This process is beyond the scope of this documentation; for more information, see "GitHub's documentation":github-help.

[github]https://github.com/
[git]http://git-scm.com/
[github-help]http://help.github.com/
[github-project]https://github.com/oftn/quorum/
[virtualenv]http://pypi.python.org/pypi/virtualenv
